Regarding the AP I'll we can all prefetch does for that.
We add a new configuration item and that would be data groups remember we got esate groups here for
the static files essentially data groups as for dynamic data.
So typically data you request from an API data that might change frequently.
How is that data group configured.
It is an array.
Because it's data groups here but one data group is then again an object just as an a group you don't
define a name of your choice like posts but that name is totally up to you.
And then you've defined you or else you want to handle with this group.
And in my case that ISDE you are l I can see in my app component which is where I make this HTP request
does you are able to chase some placeholder.
This is what I'll take and this is what I'll put into or else array as a string.
You could now Ole's at a word in your if you got an API which might have different versions and that
were changed.
Then you could lock the word in here to for example cached different data pieces side by side for different
API work.
Here I will not use that word.
And instead what you can add here is a cash conflict.
There's a number object where you can now in detail configure how this data should be cached.
And for that you can for example set a max size.
Does this number and this defines how many entries do you want to cash in.
That's important.
This does NOT mean how many posts for example this means how many responses now for this single you
are l.
We will only cash one response at a time.
But if you had a more generic you are l with a star let's say four different endpoints then you might
want to make sure that only for 10 outgoing requests the answer was cashed to not pollute your cash
and grow it infinitely because your space is actually limited and managed by the browser so you don't
want to cache everything.
So here we could say cash five responses again for this example it doesn't matter.
We can then also add max age to the fine.
How old should the data in the cache be.
Before we get rid of it and definitely fetch new data because you might want to fetch from cache first
to deliver something onto the screen as quick as possible and then maybe reach out to more up to date
data behind the scenes.
But for dead you of course need to know is the data in the cache still valid or should it always fetch
new data.
Does is defined as a string which you write like this.
You could say one day or 12 hours or 50 minutes.
This is essentially the format you have.
Details can be found in the official docs and you find a link to that attached to this video too.
So your old go with let's say six hours and then you can also add a timeout.
The timeout is to find the same way.
And there you could say if I'm waiting for a response for let's say 10 seconds already then I want to
fall back to the cash and not wait longer.
But I don't want to use to cash immediately.
I want to wait for these 10 seconds at least so I could say 10 seconds here.
Last but not least and that's important because it works together with the above values strategy.
They're can have two types of spreadsheet freshness which means always try to reach out to the back
and first and only use the cash if you're off line or performance performance tries to get something
onto the screen as quick as possible and it will take max age into account to know whether it should
absolutely reach out to the back end or just use the cash value on the arahant freshness will take time
out into account.
You know how long to wait for a response before it uses to cash.
So I will go with freshness here and I will save this and now you know it again.
Let's go back and let's build this again with dash dash brought on what we should see as to now that
we built this that if we then go back to the built project and service that does actually then works
in offline mode.
So let's bring up that HTP server.
Reload this page.
And as I mentioned before.
Feel free to close it because a news service worker to be registers should also be able to be loaded
with out you closing that tap and opening a new one angler can handle that but by default does this
require a default for a news service worker to go active or to turn active and do its job.
You need to reload the page also because Engler does not use the new updated code.
You might ship onto the server and loaded into your already running app because that might break your
already running app so close to tab open a new one.
Now when you tap reload at least once so that the API responses can be cached the first reload loads
the service worker.
The second one loads the API responses then turn off the Wi-Fi and load again.
And what you should see is that you still got your posts here.
Now one thing you can notice is that the phones are missing because that's just something you have to
know about Google fonts the way it's loaded.
It takes to you or else does it to you or elsewhere it goes to and tries to fetch the phone then the
hour you are alway put in there is to one which just holds the road rules for the font.
And then that extra you are l.
So let's add that muli gathered information you're now replaced is at the end here with Star start to
load any funds from your L close th server and built this one more time as you saw it before with and
you built dash dash Prod. and we could already see that the API data was loaded at least so that this
was present.
Now if this built one more time let's again go back to our disk folder and let's surf this one more
time but then open and you tap for it to become active reload this one more time to store to make sure
that the responses are really stored.
I should say And now let's go offline again and reload the Zap and you see the fonts are there too and
then the Network tab we see everything is fetched.
The posts fail but that's the problem because we take that from the cache which works you can see it
here.
And the response there is this and this is how we can use to service worker angular service worker package
which you can easily add with the Engy add at angular P.W. a package which includes that service broker
package which also gives you that many fast adjacent file and which overall is something you have to
learn but then gives you the powerful tool of making your web app off line available.
Now check the official box that you find attached to the video of course and I hope that this was helpful.